Update documentation for generate-blueprint (#1198)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: modules/creating_a_module.md

    lastmod: 2015-12-05T18:40:00-00:00
---

# <i class="fa fa-cube"></i> Creating a stand alone Blueprint (aka module)

> As of JHipster v7.8.0, module support was merged into blueprint support.
> So same rules applies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of JHipster v7.8.0, module support was merged into blueprint support. So the same rules apply.
```
